+ Yes
+ 2 in my wallet, 2 on my phone (with different card numbers and everything). 4 in total technically.
+ I do not have a store brand card, I don't think they're really present in Europe. I have Visa and Mastercard.
+ Much more than five times.
+ Hard to tell. It usually ranges from 1 euro to 35 euro. I'll calculate an average from the past month.
+ None, debit cards don't usually have incentives. My Czech bank (Ceska Sporitelna), however, offers cashback in select stores among other generic bank services such as a saving account with a generic interest rate. My Lithuanian bank (Revolut) has many more incentives, it offers 0% exchange rate, fee-less withdrawals from any ATM across the world, and a couple other incentives. It also offers cashback but from what I understand, only in select countries and select stores. It however does not offer a savings account with an interest rate.
+ No need for cash to bulk up your wallet. The ability to purchase items online. In some cases, can be used as a form of identity verification. Easier way to track your spending; this leads to improved security as your bank will notify you if your spending habits suddenly change, for example, when your card is stolen.
+ Since you don't need cash, a lot of the time you don't carry it around. This can become a problem if you go to a store who don't accept card in general, or don't accept your type of card (looking at you Netherlands). Another disadvantage is that if your card gets stolen, it's easy to lose a lot of money if you don't have a low limit imposed. However, as I said before, you're very likely to be notified if your spending habits suddenly change.
Extra: Also forgot to add, since you talked about credit cards I should mention that I don't have one, I only have debit cards, but one of them is tied to an account with overdraft enabled meaning it basically acts like a credit card. 7 euros is my average spend, but this figure includes very large transfers between my banks so the actual spend on daily products is about 1+5 euros per transaction.
